Jiahui Zhou, University of Michigan, School of Information, UX Design & Research
Individual Assignment 1-Tableau Overview
Our task is to design a visualization for a small data set to effectively communicate something interesting about the data and provide a rigorous rationale for my design choices. We are free to use any graphics or charting tool - including drafting it by hand.
Intro of dataset: Antibiotics
After the World War II, antibiotics were considered as "wonder drugs", since they were easy remedy for what had been intractable ailments. To learn which drug worked most effectively for which bacterial infection, performance of the three most popular antibiotics on 16 bacteria were gathered. The values in a1-burtin-long_grouped.csv file represent the minimum inhibitory concentration (MIC), a measure of the effectiveness of the antibiotic, which represents the concentration of antibiotic required to prevent growth in vitro. The reaction of the bacteria to Gram staining is described by the covariate “gram staining”. Bacteria that are stained dark blue or violet are Gram-positive. Otherwise, they are Gram-negative.
In this project, I:
•	Familiar myself with the data background
•	Played with the given dataset to deduce possible interesting findings through Tableau
•	Answered the following three questions:
o	What are the variables?
o	What are some communication goals?
o	Which variables are most important to those goals?
•	Add two new visualizations that enhance the article.
•	Polished graphs generated by Tableau in Sketch, and did the final visual touching works
What I learned from this homework:
•	Understand and practice the overall data visualization thinking process
o	Categorize data types (quantitative, ordinal, and nominal) and think about their ideal channels/encodings
o	Define the most suitable marks (points, lines, bar, etc.) to represent the data
o	Design the final viewer
•	Utilize the data visualization best practices learned from the course
o	Establish viewing order by knowing where my audience will look first, second.
o	Layer, layer, layer. Design for reading at different levels of detail.
o	Balance between higher data-ink ratios and data encodings clarity
o	Use perceptually uniform colormaps
Thanks for your watching! 💗
